Update APICAST_HTTPS_VERIFY_DEPTH description (#1267)
3scale/APIcast: doc/parameters.md

**Values:** positive integers

Defines the maximum length of the client certificate chain.

> If this parameter has 1 as its value, it implies that this length might include one additional certificate (eg. root CA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this parameter has `1` as its value, it implies that this parameter includes an additional certificate. For example,  root CA.
```

Author: Thanks, I changed it based on your suggestion.
